Hi hello
We bought a reservation on Monday, April 6 now
I still scarce for you Now the wonder of Dungeon 3 d to step height and around the world
I could finally buy it, but I bought it in the second hand corner Sofmap .
So it's not new and it was n't it
Ginger not Thats because I do not I'm Well Well no ginger Well
There two weeks I was Mashi this time still in short supply than two weeks for three weeks with the feeling that
I will stand three weeks ago but I am present
It's a surprise. I think that the world-wide ip is not good enough to sell so much
It did but there heard or rather know the people who know feeling like a of is I Neputei
Favorite people go in the position of saying that there is no
I think it is an article
Ne Because it is a Wizardry system that has gone away in the world, choose a person and further from Lizadrie
It might be rude if you say that the recipe you put in is sweet but it's a little big taste
This game character of taste no more ec
That's because there is a feeling that this cute girl is there + wizardly
It is a little more than tea art is getting darker
It's a part of the prince, or it comes out that the gay balance is also a sweet part
Well, I love people
I'm well for the game I'm a I feel it 's that strange men and women
All over the world or the world weekly習氏 rather than 14 Vol on that world originally
Just a story short for the Wizardry like thing of Wizardry
But this is what I did, and the music is Kodai-san or the game is a bit
It has been put in the element 2 Brushes, such as I think I though it
I can say that this time Mystery Dungeon and collaboration
It seems to be a double name called soft during Atlas spikes
Little
so
It's strange dungeon in the state as it is in this kind of feeling and say you Sameyo
c's egg always brought in characters from all over the world
I think the image is not so I think world migration and wonder Danjo
And because the world tree comes first, it is like a world tree , but now the game was a dungeon of wonder
Nde I have not yet done so that I've got to open because this used But I did not do well
I do not know
But it has such an image Capture information
I have not seen anything
Trying it source
Even if you look at the manual
Hey you
Windy Shiren or Toruneko's Great Adventure or Chocobo's mysterious dungeon
It 's an image that means
However
This game par key individuals party different from one point'm originally Izadori feeling like
Nante I'm Crossed five party that before two people but rather Mr. whether the two people behind the tax's
In relation to it and this time
Three people are here in a word, and a party in a dungeon with a strange party
Crossed and
I'm wondering if this is another weird thing to do
According to the developer of the release, it seems that ai has become pretty smart
Not just of the enemy is Wakan
Boo Boo
Re even so-so computer head worse a little fool of the child as long as the
I have no problem but I have been friends
It's likely if in a pneumatronic Lou leprosy of later years I'm now that Hiro level rises
It is bad if you go up in the Toruneko's punishment withdrawal adventure
If any there were games that do it but before that can flash battered say in the Tteyuu Great Adventure
It's almost time to die
Roughly it told Tatte Tsu accident that do well whether the weapon is picking up nicely
Up while
Nee For example, while I 'm moving properly I 'm done behind the scenes without permission
The moment that it revives again is done, and if it is total production by itself or Aria
I want to see the Toka place Tteyuu I'm frustrated
Anyway, anyway
A place like partying in a party play with a party playler and a mysterious dungeon
It's because it 's a package rather than a neta character
It's a park where you can go on adventure together and make a good mac
Terrific
I'm worried so I have a child and I want to go play
I think soooo I am looking forward to a lot of fun after a long time
I want to do it and it's always been direct
Though told you mow it absolutely tell him and look forward to this mainly ceremony was super is the best
Availability has become very sound
When you buy at the store
It is natural than buying it at the store after entering it, but buying at the store is quite a lot of things
I remember I miss a good game or miss the release date
Because I can not get the benefits or I'm getting stuck
Now I've said more and more rapidly be pulled to buy when I beat this game next week in the mother
But if Ne keep in Teru demand and how far cry 4 Why also
If you buy it on that net, it will be completely tungjang here. Far cry 4
I 'm kidding
There is a lot of things that I'm trying to buy at a store and I'm not Patsun.
When I bought it at the store I made interesting
It is finally Although Well this time at why we entered the hand with the feeling that say a used board
The world and wonders of the dungeon seems difficult to enter the Madante
Nintendo 3ds version around the world is simply of fc in the things of the rear raster
Regular and distance view current spikes are in the form of soft turnable rpg and
Character makeup
Thread Oh was I of the Board
is
I would like to raise the Yati clear Once you also review we will see you again Baibai